README.md, before:

# SDE Program
This is a collaborative assignment with [Zefanja Jobse](https://github.com/zefanjajobse) for SDE (Software Design).

We decided to create Flappy Birb from scratch, and use multiple design patterns for it.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35202343/149156802-511c651d-85bd-468c-aecb-d6e2301db1e3.png)

# Creational design patterns

## Singleton
tbd. Explanation about the Game class singleton.

## Placeholder 2


# Structural design patterns

## Placeholder 1

## Placeholder 2


# Behavioural design patterns

## The template method
In this example we have created the abstract GameObject class as the template class for game objects.
These game objects are objects like the Birb, the Pipes and the Background. Which are all objects which need to be rendered on the canvas.

**The abstract GameObject class**

![image](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/752511704956534804/932939786803642388/unknown.png)

**An implementation of the abstract GameObject class.**

![image](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/752511704956534804/932939046001442876/unknown.png)

## The state pattern
Another design pattern we chose to implement was the state pattern. We have used this in multiple different scenarios, but we've chosen to show the GameStates as an example. The GameState interface is used as an interface for the multiple different states the game can be in. These states are Starting, Running and Ending. In the example below, the running state is shown.

**The GameState interface**

![image](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/752511704956534804/932941531512451092/unknown.png)

**The running GameState**

![image](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/752511704956534804/932941986682519582/unknown.png)

Commit message:

update readme and add jokesapi facade

README.md, after:

# SDE Program
This is a collaborative assignment with [Zefanja Jobse](https://github.com/zefanjajobse) for SDE (Software Design).

We decided to create Flappy Birb from scratch, and use multiple design patterns for it.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35202343/149156802-511c651d-85bd-468c-aecb-d6e2301db1e3.png)

# Creational design patterns

## Singleton
tbd. Explanation about the Game class singleton.

## Placeholder 2


# Structural design patterns

## Facade
To add memes to our starting game state, we wanted to use fetch, an http request library.
So we decided to use a facade to provide us with a simplified interface to use fetch.
In the example below I'm showing JokesApi class which is used as a simplified interface for the fetch librrary.

**The JokesAPI class**

![image](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/752511704956534804/932952953810210876/unknown.png)

## Placeholder 2


# Behavioural design patterns

## The template method
In this example we have created the abstract GameObject class as the template class for game objects.
These game objects are objects like the Birb, the Pipes and the Background. Which are all objects which need to be rendered on the canvas.

**The abstract GameObject class**

![image](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/752511704956534804/932939786803642388/unknown.png)

**An implementation of the abstract GameObject class.**

![image](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/752511704956534804/932939046001442876/unknown.png)

## The state pattern
Another design pattern we chose to implement was the state pattern. We have used this in multiple different scenarios, but we've chosen to show the GameStates as an example. The GameState interface is used as an interface for the multiple different states the game can be in. These states are Starting, Running and Ending. In the example below, the running state is shown.

**The GameState interface**

![image](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/752511704956534804/932941531512451092/unknown.png)

**The running GameState**

![image](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/752511704956534804/932941986682519582/unknown.png)
